
language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_0.png

a small 5 gon
7 gon as arms
a medium circle s
a medium 5 gon
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_1.png

as arms
6 gon
a row
5 gon
a medium

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_2.png

8 turns
a 4
4 concentric
a small
a medium

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_3.png

a small 9 gon
a small 8 gon
a small 7 gon
a small 7 gon
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_4.png

a medium circle s
a small 8 gon
a small 7 gon
a medium circle s
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_5.png

a
circle
5
2
arms

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_6.png

a small 9 gon
a medium circle s
a small 5 gon
a small circle s
a medium circle s

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_7.png

4 concentric square s
a small 7 gon
a small square s
3 concentric square s
a small square s

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_8.png

a small 7 gon
a small 8 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 9 gon
a small 9 gon
a small 9 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 8 gon
a small 8 gon
a small 9 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_9.png

a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a medium 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 6 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_10.png

a small 7 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 6 gon
a small 6 gon
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_11.png

a medium circle s
a medium circle s
a medium as arms
a medium line circle
5 gon as arms

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_12.png

a small 5 gon
a small 8 gon
a small 6 gon
a small 5 gon
a medium 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_13.png

a medium circle s
a medium circle s
a small circle s
a small 5 gon
a small 6 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_14.png

a small 5 gon
a small 6 gon
a small 6 gon
5 gon as arms
a small 6 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_15.png

a small 5 gon
a small 6 gon
4 concentric circle s
a greek spiral with
a medium 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_16.png

5 gon as arms
a small 6 gon
a medium circle s
short line as arms
a small circle s

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_17.png

5 gon as arms
a 7 stepped line
a small 5 gon
a 7 as arms
5 sided snowflake with

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_18.png

a small 6 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a 4 stepped staircase
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_19.png

short line as arms
a small 5 gon
5 sided snowflake with
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_20.png

a small 5 gon
a medium 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon
5 gon as arms

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_21.png

a small 9 gon
a small 9 gon
a small 9 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_22.png

a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a medium 5 gon
a medium 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_23.png

a small square s
a small square s
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_24.png

a small 6 gon
a small 8 gon
a small 8 gon
a small 7 gon
a small 7 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_25.png

a small 6 turns
a small 5 gon
a small 6 gon
a medium 6 turns
a with 6 turns

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_26.png

5 gon as arms
a small 5 gon
a 5 stepped zigzag
a small 5 gon
a small 8 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_27.png

a small 9 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a 4 stepped staircase
a 4 stepped gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_28.png

a medium square
a small square
a 4 stepped
a small square
a medium semicircle

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_29.png

a small semicircle
a small circle
a medium circle
a medium semicircle
a medium semicircle

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_30.png

small triangle as arms
short line as arms
a medium as arms
a small as arms
a triangle as arms

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_31.png

a small square s
a small 5 gon
a small 7 gon
5 gon as arms
a small as arms

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_32.png

3 concentric square s
3 concentric square s
5 gon as arms
a small 5 gon
a small 6 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_33.png

a small semicircle
a small 8
a medium semicircle
a small 7
a small zigzag

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_34.png

5 gon as arms
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a small triangle s
5 gon as arms

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_35.png

a small 5 gon
a small 9 gon
a small 6 gon
a medium 5 gon
a small 8 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_36.png

a small 8 gon
2 concentric circle s
a small 7 gon
3 concentric circle s
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_37.png

a medium circle s
a small circle s
short line as arms
a small circle s
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_38.png

a small square s
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_39.png

a small 5 gon
a medium 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a medium 5 gon
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_40.png

a small square s
a small 5 gon
a medium 5 gon
a small 6 gon
a medium square s

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_41.png

a small 6 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 7 gon
a medium 6 gon
a medium 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_42.png

a small 5 gon
a small as arms
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_43.png

a small 5 gon
a medium 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_44.png

a small 5 gon
a small 7 gon
a small 7 gon
a medium 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 7 gon
a medium 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 7 gon
a medium 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_45.png

a small 9 gon
a small 9 gon
5 gon as arms
a small 8 gon
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_46.png

a small 5 gon
a medium 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a medium as arms

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_47.png

a small 7 gon
a small 8 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 7 gon
a small 8 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_48.png

a small 5 gon
a small 6 gon
small triangle as arms
a small 8 gon
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_49.png

a small 5 gon
a small 6 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 6 gon
a medium 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_50.png

a small 5 gon
a small 6 gon
a medium 5 gon
a small square zigzag
a small square gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_51.png

a small square s
a small square s
a medium square s
5 small square s
5 gon as arms

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_52.png

a small 5 gon
a small 6 gon
a small 9 gon
a medium 5 gon
a small square gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_53.png

a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 8 gon
a medium 5 gon
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_54.png

a 4 stepped staircase
a 4 stepped zigzag
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 8 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_55.png

a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 6 gon
a medium 5 gon
a small 6 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_56.png

a small 5 gon
a medium 5 gon
a small 8 gon
a small as arms
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_57.png

a small 5 gon
a small 6 gon
a small 9 gon
a medium 5 gon
a small triangle gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_58.png

a medium semicircle
a small semicircle
a medium square
a medium line
6 as arms

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_59.png

a medium square
a medium semicircle
a small square
a medium square
a medium circle

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_60.png

short line as arms
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 8 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_61.png

a small square s
a small square s
a small square s
a medium square s
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_62.png

2 concentric circle s
3 concentric circle s
a small 5 gon
5 sided snowflake with
small triangle as arms

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_63.png

a small 7 gon
a small 7 gon
a small 9 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 9 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_64.png

a small circle s
a small 5 gon
a medium circle s
a small circle s
a small 6 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_65.png

a small 6 gon
a small square s
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 6 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_66.png

a small 5 gon
a small 6 gon
a small 6 gon
a medium 5 gon
a small 6 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_67.png

a medium square
a small square
a 4 stepped
a medium semicircle
a small semicircle

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_68.png

a small circle s
a small square circle
a small square semicircle
5 gon as arms
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_69.png

a small square s
a small 5 gon
a small square s
a small 6 gon
5 small square s

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_70.png

a small 6 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 6 gon
a small 5 gon
a medium 6 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_71.png

a small 5 gon
a small 6 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 6 gon
a small 6 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_72.png

a medium circle
a small circle
a small circle
a medium circle
a medium semicircle

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_73.png

a
5
2
circle
semicircle

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_74.png

small triangle as arms
a medium circle s
short line as arms
and a medium triangle
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_75.png

a small 9 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 9 gon
a small 5 gon
a medium 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_76.png

a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_77.png

a
5
arms
semicircle
line

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_78.png

a small 8 gon
a small 7 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 6 gon
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_79.png

a medium triangle
a small triangle
a medium triangle
a small semicircle
5 small triangle

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_80.png

a small 6 gon
a small 6 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a medium 6 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_81.png

a small square s
a small 6 gon
a small 5 gon
a small triangle s
a medium triangle square

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_82.png

a small 5 gon
a small square s
a small square s
a small 5 gon
a 4 small square

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_83.png

a medium circle
a medium semicircle
a small semicircle
a medium line
a short line

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_84.png

a small 7 gon
a small 8 gon
a small 9 gon
a small 7 gon
a small 8 gon
a small 9 gon
a small 9 gon
a small 6 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_85.png

a small square s
a small 5 gon
a medium 5 gon
a small circle s
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_86.png

a small 5 gon
a small square s
a vertical short line
a small 5 gon
a small 9 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_87.png

a small 7 gon
a small 7 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 6 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_88.png

a small 6 gon
a small 8 gon
a small 8 gon
a small 8 gon
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_89.png

a small 8 gon
a small 7 gon
a small 8 gon
a small 8 gon
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_90.png

a small 5 gon
a small 8 gon
a small 6 gon
a small 7 gon
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_91.png

a small square
a medium square
a medium circle
a medium square
a small semicircle

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_92.png

a 5 stepped zigzag
a 7 stepped zigzag
7 gon as arms
a 5 stepped zigzag
5 gon as arms

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_93.png

a small 8 gon
a small 7 gon
a small 6 gon
a small 6 gon
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_94.png

a small square s
a small square s
a small 5 gon
a 4 small square
a small 6 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_95.png

a small 5 gon
a small 7 gon
a small 5 gon
a 4 stepped gon
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_96.png

4 concentric square s
a small 8 gon
a small 7 gon
a small 7 gon
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_97.png

a vertical short line
short line as arms
a greek as arms
a medium circle s
a small circle s

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_98.png

a small semicircle
a medium semicircle
a small semicircle
small 5 gon
a small 8

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_99.png

a medium square
a small square
a medium semicircle
a small semicircle
a medium circle
