
language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_0.png

a small 7 gon
a small square s
a small 5 gon
a 7 as arms
a small as arms

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_1.png

a small 5 gon
a medium 5 gon
a medium 5 gon
a small circle s
a medium 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_2.png

a small 5 gon
a small square s
a small 6 gon
a small square s
a small square s

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_3.png

small 8 gon
a small square
small 5 gon
a 7 gon
a small 8

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_4.png

a small 9 gon
a small 9 gon
a small 6 gon
a small square s
a small 8 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_5.png

a small triangle
a medium triangle
a medium semicircle
a medium circle
a medium circle

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_6.png

a small 7 gon
a small 9 gon
a small 7 gon
a small 7 gon
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_7.png

small 8 gon
a 7 gon
a 7 zigzag
a small 8
small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_8.png

a small square
a small semicircle
a small circle
4 short line
a small 6

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_9.png

a small 8
a small 7
a small zigzag
a 7 gon
a small 5

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_10.png

a small square s
a small square s
a small 6 gon
a small 6 gon
a small 6 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_11.png

a small 8 gon
a small 8 gon
a small 7 gon
a small 8 gon
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_12.png

4 concentric square s
a small square s
3 concentric square s
a 4 concentric square
a medium square s

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_13.png

a small 8 gon
a small 8 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 7 gon
a small 7 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_14.png

a small 6 gon
a small square s
a medium 6 gon
6 medium 6 gon
6 small 6 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_15.png

a small 7 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 7 gon
a medium circle s
a 7 concentric circle

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_16.png

a medium triangle
a small circle
a short line
a medium line
a short line

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_17.png

a 5 stepped zigzag
6 5 stepped zigzag
a 7 stepped staircase
a small stepped zigzag
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_18.png

a small 7 gon
a small square s
a small 7 gon
a small square s
4 concentric square s

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_19.png

a 5 stepped zigzag
a 7 stepped staircase
a small stepped zigzag
4 concentric circle s
a small 8 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_20.png

a small 7 gon
a small 7 gon
a small 7 gon
a small 7 gon
a small square s

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_21.png

a small square s
a small 9 gon
a small 6 gon
8 concentric square s
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_22.png

a big circle
a circle s
5 circle s
big circle s
6 short line

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_23.png

a medium circle
a medium semicircle
a small semicircle
a small circle
a medium square

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_24.png

a small 6 gon
a small 6 gon
a small 6 gon
6 gon as arms
3 small 6 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_25.png

a small 5 gon
a small square s
a small 5 gon
a small square s
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_26.png

a 7 stepped line
4 concentric square s
a small 8 gon
a 7 stepped a
a 7 stepped short

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_27.png

a small 5 gon
a small circle s
2 concentric circle s
a small 6 gon
a small circle s

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_28.png

a small 6 gon
a small 6 gon
a small 6 gon
a small square s
a medium 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_29.png

a medium line
3 sided snowflake
3 circle s
a medium space
a small circle

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_30.png

a medium triangle
a small circle
4 small circle
concentric circle s
2 concentric circle

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_31.png

a small 8 gon
a small 8 gon
a small 7 gon
a medium 8 gon
a small 7 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_32.png

a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a medium 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 6 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_33.png

a big semicircle
a big circle
a medium semicircle
a medium circle
a small circle

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_34.png

a small square s
a vertical short line
a small 6 gon
a small circle s
a small short line

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_35.png

a medium square
a medium square
a medium line
a medium 6
a medium circle

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_36.png

4 concentric square s
a small square s
3 concentric square s
a small square s
a 4 concentric square

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_37.png

a small square s
a small square s
s in a row
a small square s
a small square row

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_38.png

a small semicircle
a small circle
a medium line
5 concentric circle
a medium 8

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_39.png

a small 6 gon
a medium 6 gon
a small 6 gon
a small square s
a small square s

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_40.png

4 concentric square s
4 concentric square s
3 concentric square s
a small square s
4 small square s

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_41.png

a 7 stepped 7
a 7 stepped gon
a 7 stepped s
a 7 stepped square
a 7 stepped a

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_42.png

a small 6 gon
a small 6 gon
a medium 6 gon
a small 6 gon
a medium 6 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_43.png

a small 8 gon
a small 7 gon
a medium 8 gon
a medium 7 gon
a medium circle zigzag

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_44.png

a medium square
a short line
4 short line
a small triangle
a medium line

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_45.png

a small 8 gon
a small 6 gon
a small 7 gon
6 small 5 gon
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_46.png

a small circle s
4 concentric circle s
a small 5 gon
4 small circle s
a small circle circle

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_47.png

a small 5 gon
a small circle s
a small 6 gon
a medium circle s
a small circle s

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_48.png

a small 7 gon
a small 7 gon
a medium 7 gon
a medium 5 gon
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_49.png

a small 7 gon
a 7 stepped gon
a 7 stepped staircase
a small 7 gon
a 7 stepped 5

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_50.png

a small 5 gon
a small square s
a small circle s
a medium 5 gon
a vertical short line

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_51.png

a small semicircle
a small circle
a small square
a big semicircle
a big circle

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_52.png

a small square
a 4 pointed
a 4 a
a 4 gon
a small 6

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_53.png

a small 6 gon
a small 7 gon
a small square s
a small 6 gon
6 small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_54.png

a small 8
a small semicircle
a small 7
a small zigzag
a small circle

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_55.png

a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 5 gon
and a small triangle
3 small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_56.png

a small square
a medium square
a small 7
a medium square
a small circle

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_57.png

4 concentric square s
4 concentric square s
a small square s
a small square s
3 concentric square s

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_58.png

a small square s
a small 6 gon
4 small square s
a small 5 gon
a small square gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_59.png

a small 7 gon
a small 5 gon
a 7 stepped staircase
a small 6 gon
4 small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_60.png

4 concentric square s
a small square s
a medium circle s
a small circle s
4 concentric square s

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_61.png

a small circle
a medium triangle
a small circle
a small triangle
a medium triangle

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_62.png

a small circle
a small circle
a medium circle
a medium line
a medium line

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_63.png

s in a row
a small square s
a small square s
s in a row
s in a row

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_64.png

a small 6 gon
a small 6 gon
2 concentric circle s
a small 6 gon
a small square s

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_65.png

a small square s
a small square concentric
a a small square
a concentric square s
a small triangle s

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_66.png

a 9 pointed
a small 9
a 9 gon
a small 8
a small gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_67.png

4 concentric square s
7 concentric square s
4 concentric square s
3 concentric square s
a small square s

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_68.png

a small circle
4 small circle
concentric circle s
a medium line
2 concentric circle

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_69.png

a small semicircle
a medium square
a small circle
a 5 stepped
4 small semicircle

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_70.png

a medium circle
a medium square
a medium square
a medium square
a 7 circle

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_71.png

a small 8 gon
a small 7 gon
a small 5 gon
and a medium triangle
a small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_72.png

4 short line
a short line
4 short line
a 5 stepped
stepped short line

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_73.png

a medium circle
a small circle
a small circle
a big circle
a medium line

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_74.png

a small semicircle
a small circle
a medium line
a medium circle
a medium semicircle

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_75.png

a small square
a small square
a 7 gon
a small square
small 7 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_76.png

a small triangle
a medium square
a medium line
a medium space
a medium 5

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_77.png

a small semicircle
a small circle
a medium semicircle
a medium circle
a small circle

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_78.png

a small 6 gon
a small 6 gon
a small 6 gon
a small square s
a small square s

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_79.png

a small 6 gon
a small 6 gon
a small 6 gon
a small square s
a medium 6 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_80.png

a medium circle
a medium square
a medium circle
a small circle
a small circle
a medium square
a small square
a medium circle
a medium square
a medium circle

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_81.png

a small 8 gon
a 7 stepped staircase
a small 7 gon
a small 5 gon
4 small 8 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_82.png

3 concentric square s
a small 6 gon
8 concentric square s
a small square s
7 concentric square s

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_83.png

a small 7 gon
a small 5 gon
a 7 as arms
a small square s
a small square pointed

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_84.png

a small 8 gon
a small 7 gon
a small 8 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 8 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_85.png

a small 5 gon
a medium 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a vertical short line
4 small 5 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_86.png

a small semicircle
a small circle
a short line
a short line
a short line

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_87.png

a small square s
a small square s
4 small square s
a small square s
4 small square s

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_88.png

a small square s
a small square s
3 small square s
a small square line
small square as arms

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_89.png

a 4 small square
a small square s
a small square s
a small 6 gon
a vertical short line

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_90.png

a small semicircle
a small square
a small circle
4 small square
4 small semicircle

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_91.png

a small 7 gon
a small 5 gon
a 7 stepped staircase
a small 5 gon
a small square s

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_92.png

a small 8 gon
a small 7 gon
a small circle s
a small circle s
a small 8 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_93.png

in a row
a medium line
a big semicircle
a medium square
a 7 row

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_94.png

a small 5 gon
a small circle s
a medium 5 gon
a small 5 gon
a medium circle s

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_95.png

a small 5 gon
a small circle s
a in a row
and a small semicircle
a small triangle line

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_96.png

2 concentric circle s
2 concentric circle s
a small square s
2 concentric circle s
4 concentric circle s

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_97.png

a small 8 gon
a small 8 gon
a small 7 gon
a small 5 gon
a small 7 gon

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_98.png

a small square
a 7 gon
small 7 gon
a small square
a small 9

language_experiments/logo_dissection/logo_dreams/translate_dream_99.png

a small triangle
a medium semicircle
a medium circle
5 small triangle
5 medium semicircle
